Good morning!

I hope you are having a great day so far. We would like to send out a welcome email introducing you both to our entire organization (see example below).

 

Please provide a brief write up about yourself and send it to me ASAP, as I’d like to send this to the organization promptly.

 

Thank you both. Let me know if you have questions.

-----------------------------------------------------------
Example 1: 
All,

 

I would like to introduce Alex Russell l who is joining the team as our Electronics Technician.

 

A few things about me..

 

I’m committed to fully pursuing my passions, whether it be in my personal life or in my career.

 

An early example of this was in my formative years, looking for a path in life.   I moved to Northern California as soon as that window of opportunity presented itself for me.  I longed to pursue the things I was passionate about: Skiing, mountain biking, hiking, and climbing - with no other immediate plans.  While trying to reconcile my innate need to accomplish a growth in my career, amongst all the recreation, I found the ski industry - which became a natural bridge between my personal life and a career that matched that passion.

 

I started as a lift operator at Squaw Valley in 2015, down the road from Lake Tahoe.  I took the opportunity to express my interests with the technicians at every opportunity in wanting to learn more about the systems, the equipment, and what it took to become a "lift technician".  I signed on as a technician after a summer apprenticeship in 2015, full time.  I came to find the same passion for the work and the lifestyle as I did for my hobbies.  Somewhere along the way my sister

helped to start a non-profit called Clean Up The Lake, which I became equally passionate about and involved with for a couple of years during this time.  Their mission is to coordinate and execute scuba-dive cleanups of waterways in California and beyond.  They retrieved over 12 tons of trash from Lake Tahoe in a one-year period, shockingly, which always lingered in the back of my mind, and seemed another field I could dedicate equal energy towards.

 

I stayed on track with the ski industry, however, and I was able to learn about Doppelmayr early into my tenure as a technician.  This outfit was almost enigmatic amongst ski industry professionals, the "masters" of aerial transportation - revered in some sense.  I knew then that my goal was to one day work for this company.

 

A linear path towards this goal took me into various roles in the ski industry, in California, Oregon, and Utah. Fast forward 6 years and I'm working for Doppelmayr USA, here on the East Coast. The job was a dream come true, travelling everywhere from Canada to Colorado, the US Virgin Islands and the Carolinas.  The industry taught me a wide spectrum of skills and how to manage people, time, and large-scale projects.  In the last few years, I've managed an electrical team for the largest ski lift installations on the East Coast - most recently the Barker 6 at Sunday River, in summer 2023.

 

As with time, the travel began to wear on my personal life, and I started to seek more time with family and friends.  My hope is that this new role with Clynk allows me to achieve a better work-life balance and stands behind a cause I'm passionate about: sustainability! I'm looking forward to this next big step in my career.

 

Alex

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Example 2:
We’d like to introduce to everyone Travis Way, our new Maintenance Supervisor! He joined the team Wednesday, and we are so excited to have him. He is already making an impact on Redemption Operations and hasn’t shied away from any of the tough work required. Travis will be based primarily in Biddeford on day shift but will be traveling to other locations too. Travis comes to CLYNK with a great mechanical and maintenance background, having started in the oil and gas industry before transitioning into the food and beverage industry. Prior to coming to CLYNK, Travis worked as a Maintenance Supervisor with H&S Bakery, a network of over 40 bakeries and distribution centers located across the east coast. He has become proficient in performing maintenance on capital equipment such as pneumatic/hydraulic cylinders, compressors, motors, and conveyors, as well as welding, reading blueprints, and PLC troubleshooting. Travis has a passion for safety, training, mentoring, and sharing his knowledge. He is looking forward to getting to the know the maintenance team and working with them to develop training plans, SOPs, and more.  Travis is a veteran, having proudly served in the United States Army as a Specialist, before completing his service in 2018. During his time in the army, Travis was recognized for Excellence In Leadership and Critical Thinking, receiving awards for both. Travis grew up in Aledo, Texas where he learned to speak Spanish and most recently was living in Baltimore, Maryland.  In his free time, Travis enjoys riding his motorcycle, playing ice hockey, and spending time with his wife and two dogs, Odin and Seratonin. Travis is a diehard Dallas Stars ice hockey fan and can recite any quote in the show “The Office”.  As he is brand new to Maine, he is open to any recommendations for local things to do, things to see, and things to eat!  

 

Please Welcome Travis to team CLYNK!

 

 

Thank you and welcome to the Team Travis!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Example 3:
Good Morning Gang!

 

I would like to take this opportunity to introduce our newest Customer Service Representative, Fernanda Lazo.  We are excited to have her as part of our CLYNK Customer Service Team.

 

She has written out a mini bio that I would like to share with you all.

 

 

Hi, I'm Fernanda Lazo, and I'm excited to join the team as a Customer Service Representative! I was born in Chile but moved to the U.S. when I was three, growing up in Washington, DC. After high school, I moved to Burlington, Vermont, for college and graduated from the University of Vermont in December 2023 with a degree in Food Systems.

 

Recently, I moved to Maine to live with my partner. We even renovated a barn together, learning everything from YouTube! In my free time, I love getting creative—whether it's painting, knitting, making rugs, beading, or anything related to art. I'm also into rock climbing, yummy food, and hanging out with friends. I have two cats, Kobi and Tequila, who are loving life in Maine as much as I am.

 

I'm really looking forward to working here and getting to know everyone!

 

 

When you’re in the neighborhood, stop by, say hello and introduce yourself, if you have not met Fernanda yet. 😊

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Example 4:

Good Afternoon Everyone,

 

Please join me in welcoming the newest member of the Customer Service Team, Shannon Tallman.  Today is her first day and if you haven’t already been introduced, stop by and say hello!

 

Below is a little bio for you to read.

 

Born and raised in Upstate NY. After meeting my future wife at 'Coventry,' the supposed 'last' show for the band Phish, I decided to upgrade from the Hudson river and moved to Portland in the fall of 2004.  In my 47 years, I have a myriad of jobs ranging from concert security guard to medical librarian to dessert/prep cook at Street and Company. In my most immediate life, I was the specialty food (cheese/chocolate/coffee) buyer for our local Whole Foods.  My true focus was specialty cheese, and I became the first Certified Cheese Professional in Maine in 2013 (there are now 5). This would be the cheese equivalent of being a wine sommelier.  In my non-work life, my wife and I live with our two dogs, Lupa and David "Attie" Attenborough and our two cats, Rue and Mia. I spend my off days cooking, gardening and enjoying a non-retail life.  

 

-S

 

So excited to have you on board Shannon as part of the CLYNK Team!!!

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

